This week Netflix continues its content domination with the announcement of an Ingress anime
and I'm resisting the use of any puns to continue this intro read.
Stay tuned for this and plenty more news starting right now in the show where every enlightened
hacker has a voice.
Hello my friends out there on the internet welcome back it's another week of the show
where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio tonight July 8th 2018 episode number 737 of our program broadcasting
live as we do every Sunday night at the voice geeks network VOG network dot com right after
the Bobby Black Wolf show at 6 o'clock Pacific 9 o'clock Eastern I am Rob Roberts you can
find me on Twitter at sky SKIE it's just an online name I've had forever no it's ski
oh hey oh hi dark soccer hi or dark sakura how are you if you're gonna call me ski no
I gave it I was giving you oh people I've gotten that somebody tells like oh are you
a fan of skiing and you know the punchline I have never been skiing in my entire life
you know what I've never been snow skiing in my entire life but I have been water skiing
I I've done waterboarding I had to think for a minute you really you're kind of kind
of not that no no no no no never never did any hard time you've done any boarding is
that what it's called I thought I want to pull you behind no no I've never done anything
the definition before 2001 of waterboarding was that you were on the thing following wave
board wave boarding well maybe that was what was yeah okay I used to do knee boards okay
um you know where you're it's called a hydro slide and I used to you would be on an eboard
you could strap it on to do like flips and stuff one time I tried my first time to do
a flip because I used to jump wake and everything and you know but um I didn't have it strapped
on and fell on my head behind the boat so since you talked about sliding how about water
sliding because you know uh funny enough I never done skiing and this show you know the
way we all kind of met playing DDR was at a big arcade that was next to a water slide
park and I never went to the water slides ever we need to do this no we're too old girls
have you ever yourself ever looked around that park it's nothing do teenagers is this
is the face of does not give a shit I know I know I now that I have lost 97 pounds I'm
gonna get in a damn bathing suit and go show off the hot ass bikini bod no you know what
if you if you have a body and you put a bikini on it guess what you have a bikini body right
show off them cougar body for all the 21 year olds I don't give a shit what they think
I'm just want to go on the water slides all right high tech master look at age boobs or
boobs doesn't matter hey I got a nice rack we're we're not gonna be discriminated this
time it's it's a famine and I need the food I can't I can't look around any of those waterslide
parks without feeling like you know someone's gonna ask me to take a seat over here you
know type of thing even like it's it's it's summertime and folks are posting pictures
of themselves and their families their loved ones their friends at the beach and even I
can't help but notice like something I am I am gayer than Christmas you guys all know
that right but here's the thing like even I'll look at some of these pictures and I'll
be like what she is hashtag blessed she is hashtag blessed we have two comments in chat
by the way SSU 100 Matt says there's no ageism when it comes to water slides and Kai Judas
as well waterboarding people for all our reviews is bad that's right thank you to our chatters
over at live.vog network.com didn't mean to cut off Loki's introduction where you can
fascinating I went down water slide cut you off all the time but I I was I'm terribly
I was terribly afraid of him because I didn't really at that time I wasn't really good at
swimming and this was like old school like water slides I think it was was it I mean
I don't know if his man Tika or it's the one that's next to like a campground I don't know
I think it's a conquered had him right is that no I know you're right man Tika did have
the slide park at one time and it's gone they tore it down years ago because it's a big
deal they're getting one of those god damn it what's the it's a it's mostly on the east
coast I don't think they have them here but the Wildwood the wild great wilds something
there's like these giant hotels slash water park they somebody in chattel know what I'm talking
about because it's it's just not local here in California but we're going to get one they're
putting it Bobby says wet and wild but that's a makeup but yeah so anyway this it's it's it was
on an episode of undercover boss like I remember seeing that like most of the slides now they have
you that you go down you go down you know sitting down you know feet first and you know you're like
in a raft or something like that these you have to go down headfirst and headfirst great for someone
who doesn't know how to swim not exactly the best thing in the world so I kind of had a bad
experience with water slides but they look fun now just some of the ones that they have it like
golf land or something like that I'm not fucking doing that I'm not fucking doing that all sit in
the lazy river and go around a million times but I'm not fucking doing that that's that's it by the
great Wolf Lodge or as they call it in Atlanta the great Bobby Black Wolf Lodge that's what they call
it well when I grew up in well I didn't grow up there I was born in Dothan Alabama and I'd go
visit in the summer but they actually had a very small little water park in Dothan Alabama that
was just called water world yeah they have a water world at Cal Expo I don't I don't even know if
they still run it ever cuz I don't I don't know if it would be safe like a lot of the plastic parts
are probably still from 1965 raging waters now so somebody's actually put money into it I hope
when when I was a kid though right outside Mobile like further down there was Styx River water world
and they had like the rope swing that you'd hold on the rope and then let go over the water and
they had like the slides that would dump you into like a 16-foot deep pool using action park all
over like yours like you're sliding off of a cliff and they had you know this one thing that was like
as tall as a big rollercoaster dip and you just slide down at top speed but that place went way
out of business and there was a guy who goes by Adam the Wu on YouTube who sneaks into old
amusement parks and everything and he found what was left of Styx River water world it was actually
pretty sad but yeah anyway video games yeah video games let's get into our kickoff topic tonight
which which I'm gonna surprise you guys with because on the show it's TBD because I could
let's be real it was a dead week it's been a slower week because it was the 4th of July
holiday week in the u.s. I know I wished everybody a happy Canada Day on the last show so now we need
to focus on our own country for a minute even though I know the state of affairs is always
whatever but you know what it's it's still my country god damn it so I what America is a
fantastic place where a gay guy a woman who is gonna flaunt her 40 year old bikini bod and an
angry cishet white male can get together and bitch about video games every week and that is
what makes this country great don't forget I'm a part-time drag nun oh yeah okay thank you part
time drag none perfect yeah so anyway I hope you all had a happy fourth of our drag none
you're full of funnies tonight stop it sorry so anyway so the 4th of July and I hope you all had
a good one was this week and so you know how I spent my 4th of July I spent my 4th of July in
the most American way I possibly could my branch my personal gay brunch not just brunch girl gay
brunch gay brunch and I know some of you I'm out there who don't know might be like what's the
difference and I got two words for you bottomless mimosas it's gay anyway so what was I gonna say
about the fourth oh yeah it's it's caused the week to be slow news week because I don't know
about your day jobs but I know in my day job yet so many people that took vacation either the entire
week at the front week so the same thing's happening in the gaming industry let's not
forget this is people's jobs a lot of these places that they make video games office buildings so a
lot of them yes it was slow like in fact I saw an article from I'm sure it was a Gawker site or
whatever they are now saying which Mario Kart 64 character sounds the horniest I mean like what
the hell is this bullshit I mean like this is like God why gaming media like just if you don't have
anything to report just a report anything who was it toadette it was it was Jezebel oh oh wait
it's Mario Kart 64 sorry toadette wasn't in there till the game oh no and I didn't read the article
but oh oh I just saw the headline I'm like no you're gonna bring us all right fine I will go
onto the internet and go look at who they think sounds the horniest fucking drop a tease like
that which Mario Kart character is the horniest and not tell me who it is I mean I realize it's
all bullshit and it doesn't matter but on a slow Newsweek anyway weren't you gonna say something
to our soccer and weren't you gonna bring some class into this no but a friend of mine gave me
a good quote what's that love is like a fart if you have to force it it's probably shit that's
gross that's very gross anyway it was slower news yeah no I know what I did I spent the whole day
with no pants on what on the fourth on the fourth that's I didn't go out that was a fabulous way to
clock because fuck getting up at 4 a.m. all right let's see going to chat at live dot vog network
comm tiger class said I have a whole week off for the fourth of July so I was able to chill
tomorrow I have to get up early to work the answer is Bowser Bowser Bowser followed by Donkey Kong
then toad then Luigi Mario Wario and Yoshi that's enough that's enough Bowser Bowser's all we need
to know so all right thanks daddy haha all right and it just says in the caption for number one
for Bowser Bowser fucks anyway the kids the kickoff topic I wanted to get into tonight was
I wanted to talk about and I opened this up to our chat room as well live dot vog network comm this
isn't a topical topic this is a this is a we talk about this anytime but I'm doing it tonight on a
slower news week what is a video game that you might be a little bit embarrassed or shy or skittish
to admit that you play or have played previously so what is a video game where you know and I want
this to be a judgment-free shame-free zone tonight okay this is a this is a safe space for you to
confess to Uncle Rob and Aunt Jamie and Crazy Loki what video game you you've been embarrassed to
maybe be like super into maybe something you've like actually spent money on if it's like a mobile
game or something and you're gonna confess tonight what game that is now for me there's a new game
that I got into that I'm kind of embarrassed that I've been playing as much as I have and it is Aria
snark's fault for those of you that remember shaking and crying yes as you playing Harry
Potter yes it's gonna come back with new episodes no it's not Harry Potter because I'm all about
the Harry Potter Niantic game when that happens I could care less about the story driven one they've
already put I need to get back into that so the game that she got me into that I'm like kind of
embarrassed to say that I'm playing Disney emoji blitz it's a match three game with little Disney
characters that are like emojis and as you unlock them in the game through like the Tsum Tsum faces
it's almost exactly like Tsum Tsum I think I feel like it's Americanized Tsum Tsum it's very very
similar and as you get the emojis in the game you can use them like in your like texting and
you're chatting in your app and all that stuff I need to play that all right but I'm kind of
embarrassed because it's a stupid-ass match three game it's Disney and thankfully I haven't a given
money yet but I thought about it I have watched videos to get currency which is like the first
step I think so I don't know Loki is there any is there any video game where you're like a little
bit embarrassed that you you're playing it or you've played it and I look at our chat over at
live.vog network.com where she Hulk says Star Wars Battlefront 2 zing I can't think of anything off
the top of my head that I'm embarrassed to be playing I mean I guess I I now really play the
office space game that much anymore but me Para Para Paradise oh yeah sure cuz it's you know the
dancing in that game is a little bit ridiculous you know yeah it's a little ridiculous I mean I
just like the music from it but I had that's probably in that I'm not really that embarrassed
by it I can't really think of anything like oh my god you know I can't believe I play there's nothing
that you've done for the kids on their behalf I would have thought that would have been maybe
where your answer was rooted no cuz I played like the games we play I still like playing so
I don't know act deft and chat says I don't give a fuck what people think about the games I'm
playing and you shouldn't at the end of the day but come on there's got to be something where
you've always been a little bit like I can't believe I'm playing this I can't believe this
is how I'm choosing to spend my free time like I think we've all had that moment of self-doubt even
at the end of the day you know I don't know I saw an advertisement also on Kotaku about a
a hentai Tomogachi type game where you basically raise your girlfriends and then that would be
kind of embarrassing the play I haven't played it yet but that would be embarrassing dark soccer
anything that comes to mind for you not really really I've never been embarrassed by anything
I've played I've I've had regretful purchases okay or like that one time that we rented WCW
thunder and then took it back because it was bad all right at least we're getting warmer and then
spice world I mean I wasn't embarrassed by that I tried to like it and it just didn't play very
well like I used to play gals panic a lot you did I still love gals man I remember that so like in
you miss world new 96 I mean we've played that all the time I'm not embarrassed by that so there's
really not much I could think of that would be embarrassing them I mean can't imagine maybe
not phrasing the question the right way I'm not saying maybe if there's like you know like a
super homoerotic like version of this nude world 90 miss mr. mr. nude world 96 or something like
that yeah and I was like really into that then maybe that might be slightly embarrassing but I
can't think of anything that I've I've played that'd be really embarrassed by do you mean
pleasure what about even the fact that you played the guy game that was hilarious it was there it's
a trivia game with boobs it's awesome really they should have despite the fact that there was an
underage girl in it that's most unfortunate just I don't know all that all those girls gone wild
girls are over 18 we assume that but you know what it's a fantasy game it's not my job to you
police the girls that are in that game it's the job of the game developers to do that I remember
back in the day when you were going through all that and you you and the wife would do that but
one point you found a like guys gone wild type of video for the misses and me to watch oh yeah yeah
we used to get those at work yeah yeah so I just that's right I was in a bar last night that had
gay porn up yeah I was hilarious to be fair to Loki he's always been very like you know I just
making sure everybody is having an equally embarrassing time let's see guys you know what
chat says I rented the Spice Girls video game from blockbuster almost every Friday it was
embarrassing but I had to play it let me see if you remember this phrase guys you know let's put
another girl through her paces because that was the game you would make the Spice Girls say no
that that doesn't sound creepy without it was super creepy I just remember it was really funny
because like we would have the Spice Girls like they would all do like a super coordinated routine
and then we'd have baby Spice just stand there and wave the whole time because she's the dumb one
and I think we had one where Sporty Spice just did a backflip over and over and over again like
she's gonna give herself vertigo let's see um act-def says my what am I playing this game would
be sonic forces this week but I'm having fun with it because of how bad it is there you go
there you go that's a good answer a video game that was so bad it was good okay here we go from
s2100 Matt I like this story I don't have a video game in mind but I really wanted to play the mall
madness board game as a kid I don't really know why maybe I thought the board looked cool my mom
wouldn't get it because it was a girls game I finally played it when I went to a friend's
house and it was all that as you and her Matt here's the thing here's the thing it had that
cool little like robot voice that would tell you like sale happening and like it worked with all
the fake credit cards and all this shit like it was like for a quote-unquote girls game it was
super electronics not that I'm saying girls can't be into the electronics but the day and age when
we grew up was a little bit different when you you know kind of had your boy games in your girls
game right so the fact that you know there was a lot of electronics involved in the girls game I
think made a lot of us boys kind of you know that we're into that stuff want to play it see I I
always wanted transformers when I was a kid fucking love transformers nothing wrong with that my mom
wouldn't buy me transformers because they were for boys so out of spite as an adult I bought
because I had one transformer that she found that I hadn't got rid of and it was hot rod like for
after the movie era so I now have like 12 why don't you say mom they're called transform hers
I was a kid my snark wasn't quite up to snuff really cuz I remember that story about when she
tried to take it in no way yeah that cuz she didn't buy it for me my snark was growing at
that time that's just first level snark that's like common sense snark let's see Kai's you know
in chat tell you about the Spice Girls game says I always wanted to be a music video director so
it was the closest thing I had at the time play C&C music factory oh god those games were off the
crisscross video I have those games were fucking rad although they really weren't games they really
weren't that good they're just one of those like relics of the 90s let's see rage nator in chat
says I tried playing WCW thunder once but once I discovered my mistake I flung holy water at it
followed by bleach and gasoline all while yelling be gone Satan well that seems a little extreme
local poco and chat says the Winnie the Pooh Gameboy color game that was a Mario Party knock
off was my guilty pleasure it was just a board game no minigames and not very good but being
Winnie the Pooh fan I liked it oh that's cute I know speaking of Disney stuff that I I'm almost
a little ashamed to own I owned the you guys will remember this the jungle book dancing game they
came out on PlayStation because it came with that dance pad I was one of the first the first time I
actually went to your apartment yep was with that was the jungle book dance game and then one of our
friends at the time who's since gone crazy he brought over the modded or the little no you
brought the plug he brought the third mix I can play my run of third mix was that what it was I
thought was why did I blame him for that anyway so I didn't but it was my my but we played DDR on
like that tiny little dance pad and it was so much fun even though I lived upstairs so that I know
that lady below hated me but you know what her gospel music woke me up at 6 a.m. on the weekend
so fair's fair tbh so let's see going in chat at live at dot vog network comm Bobby Blackwell says
I still have connectables armored and loco poco jungle book rhythm and groove that was it that
was the name of it I love it actually kind of fun yeah it wasn't for a totally like American
dance game that was kind of like right before DDR really took off it wasn't terrible anyway
all right let's go from embarrassing stuff to new stuff what types of video games have
you been playing this week in a segment we call how was your gaming week dark soccer
how was your gaming week I'm playing Final Fantasy 5 of course I'm playing it on iOS
because it's easy to take with me I I understand that I don't like what they did to it I resisted
the urge to name him but but I love Final Fantasy 5 so I'm looking forward to playing it again
because I don't remember all the plot points I love the music the music is amazing the music is
really good we really missed out by not getting that here when we were kids I mean obviously it's
very easy to find now but you know I'm playing Pokemon go because of reasons leveling has been
quick now I actually haven't touched ingress in a while yeah that's it because I'm trying to get
Dan to actually stay home long enough to play Kirby with me so still wanting to finish Kirby
all right yeah Loki wait wait I bought a game okay I'm gonna stream okay and it's speed dating
for ghosts weird was this like a sale game or something no I bought a full price really
well it's hilarious and I like we're dating Sims where did you find this steam I see cuz well of
course you like a full boyfriend why did I want to say loco roko all this I guess I'm looking at
Chad I see loco poco which is close but anyway sorry hot to full boyfriend well during the
holidays this year I'm planning on playing hot to full boyfriend holiday star on course you have to
that and the sonic night in the dreams that's yeah Christmas nights yeah but we don't we're
actually getting things ready to start streaming off the the Vega Christmas in July though anyway
all right Loki how was your gaming week I mean week was all right I managed to pick up an SNES
classic after the show last week so I've had that been already modding it because it's super easy to
do that and so I put a ton of games on there funny enough the games I've been playing so I
I've played a little bit Star Fox just to unlock Star Fox 2 and then the other game that I've been
playing just because my kids were into it was Mighty Morphin Power Rangers on the SNES and it's
a beat-em-up game which says it's two players but it only if you put in a code and it's a stupid
like versus mode thing it's really dumb so they have that so that's kind of misleading but whatever
free is free so I'm not gonna complain yeah I've got like already other systems on there and stuff
I mean it couldn't be any easier to put that shit together I mean it's ridiculous so I've been doing
that Pokemon go just trying to keep up with sending gifts to everybody every day I've upgraded my
inventory the whole 600 items now and I still that all amateur I know I'm 1400 item cap 1500
Pokemon cap I got really excited when they said they were upping the cap to 2000 in my defense
before y'all get judgy now that they've got this trading thing and distance comes into play with
it it's like when I go to places like Atlanta and Chicago I want to hold on to every Pokemon I get
there because I come come back here and trade it and you get like way more candy for that stuff so
I mean like there's a special Pokemon in your yard that's Pikachu oh one of the little Pikachu's oh
yeah yeah little summer Pikachu is gone everywhere everywhere yeah and if you guys don't didn't get
any sunglasses squirtles today I have like 50 billion so I did I involved one I'll trade you
one when we get a break during the show okay all right so anyway I have so many so many anyway
anything else your game week Logie um that's it I also forgot to mention I think last week I have
finally got my mod chip for my switch the issue is those I'm probably not gonna end up using it
but I have it for a rainy day to look at whenever I decide to end up doing it because they have a
real problem with people being banned online for using them which is makes sense because there's
people doing all sorts of nonsense on there like spreading porn through their avatar pics and stuff
like that when they do like the balloon hunt things and stuff like that so I'm just waiting
for all that shit to die down and then maybe someday I'll get a second switch and just pirate
the shit out of that but yeah I've got it now sitting in the bag in my case so all right but
yeah SNES mini was most of my week all right then my game a week so first off I have a couple of
housekeeping these I have to say first off happy birthday to my husband Alan today is Alan's 40th
birthday yes my birthday my 40th was just two weeks ago his is today so he was he's July 8th
baby so I say happy birthday to Alan if he's out there listening as as a belated birthday gift Alan
got me a classic NES nice so he got me one of those right because after all the craziness from
last year he the minute he saw one go up online he was like he didn't realize that they were kind
of like being reprinted he thought he kind of like found something he's like whoa a classic NES
at retail price with heck so he bought it so but you know what I'm still very happy haven't touched
it at all this week unfortunately just like sadly I haven't touched your PlayStation VR that I really
want to do it but I haven't really been able to play a lot of new games I've been very busy with
the show prep for clue coming up at the end of the month so that's part of the reason but I did play
I have played some of my old standbys so I've been still playing Heroes of the Storm quite a bit of
Final Fantasy 14 this week as well because they put out the patch four three five which put in
the new dungeon called heaven on high which is like a roulette kind of dungeon similar to the
deep dungeon or palace of the dead from the last expansion so they did that I did a little bit of
streaming of that the other actually no I don't think I actually did that dungeon I think I was
playing some scholar trying to get my scholar ready to do that dungeon so I've been playing
some of that quite a bit with some of my friends so that's been a big bulk of my gaming week so
between that and Heroes of the Storm and overwatch a little bit as well it's still kind of trying to
fool around with the Symmetra rework and trying to learn how to use her new teleporter effectively
because like I was getting yelled at in one match because I wasn't really using the teleporter but
like you know if you don't know the map super well like I was just I was just like sorry trying to
get used to changes and they kind of backed off because it's quick play you can't expect everybody
to be good and quick play but then I started using the teleporter and I got a bunch of what I call
endorsements at the end of the match so I did kind of learn something so yeah so playing a little bit
Overwatch and so forth Heroes of the Storm's been going really well too I unlocked two heroes out of
loot boxes I got fucking ragnaros in a common loot box I was like blown away like a legendary
hero and common loot box then I got Muradin when I hit level 75 so that's really cool that I'm
unlocking the heroes and loot boxes and I don't know if it's still going this week but I know
last week if you're watching people play Heroes of the Storm on Twitch then you have the potential
to get loot boxes in the game so I've been watching some streamers on Twitch either the
official heroes channel or I've been watching some of the other just you know regular people
playing Heroes of the Storm and you know it's one of those things I'll have honest background noise
while I'm doing other stuff but you know I'm kind of watching it the way I might watch certain TV
shows so there you go anyway going to chat at live.vognetwork.com oh Bobby Black Wolf says at
least Brob's beard is still magnificent oh yeah about that I know he knows already but yeah I
shaved my beard this week too which is another pretty big step because we're doing the promo
pictures for clue next week so I have to do because if you didn't I think I mentioned this
on the last show we're doing a production of like a rocky horror style where the movie is on stage
while it's playing on the screen I'm playing mrs. peacock mrs. peacock was a man that's the
whole joke so I am playing mrs. peacock so I had to shave my face this week so that way because my
face is all peely and gross makeup work for you yeah I haven't done the full test yet for ask me
again on like Tuesday okay well like I'm sure it'll be fine I'm not worried it just exfoliate
yeah for sure yeah otherwise I'm gonna get all these gross flakes all over the makeup but anyway
you're not here for makeup chat you hear about video games and as far as housekeeping goes the
next show we will not be here for his Labor Day weekend because I will be at Dragon Con in Atlanta
as I have been for the past seven years so those of you that have been listening to all are there
should be nothing new but what is new is hopefully some of the panels that myself Bobby black wolf
and other vog network creators I know critical myth does a lot of that those guys including John
and his co-host they do panels and they're there Brian from British invaders I don't know if he's
going again this year he used to go every other year but he's been going more frequently but I
know he does stuff with Brit track so and so on and I'm even trying to get extra for to go this
year which is what'll be a lot of fun if we get him at Dragon Con so um yeah check it out it's
gonna be a blast Dragon Con overlay every day we get let's get into some more gaming news and talk
about what's been happening what little has been happening this week in gaming Loki so remember
that valve kind of shut down access to the information that was being pulled from steam
spy apparently though there was an issue where it wasn't up 100% dead they found a way to get some
of the information and now they have finally closed off that bit of the service as well so
they managed to look at I guess roughly they could estimate you I guess if based on achievements or
something like that so now though that they have completely shut that down however they're gonna
be introducing something new that's gonna take its place so that's kind of nice to be able to
you give that information again but it's something that valve is gonna supply and I think the reason
they shut down in the first place was due to certain privacy laws and whatnot just to comply
with that so good to see that there'll be some sort of metric system coming in place of it but
the only problem is it's on valve time and who knows when the fuck that's gonna happen so I
guess we'll just have to wait and see how important I guess is this for people I mean
wouldn't people that develop their games they know how many they're selling so this is other
people to know how you're doing yeah I guess it's just the kind of measure different things to see
how things are doing you know just to see how if you want to feel like getting that kind of data
like with MPD group used to do something with new game sales and they kind of walk that back a bit
as far as the details that were in that and so we had to use different sources to give that
information and see if I was kind of that way of doing it but now that that's gone if we kind of
have to trust you know these sources on the information they're providing this I guess so
Bobby's lighting up the chat room at live dot vog network comm saying this was this was math
Loki basically so the percentage amount of people who got an achievement was available to 16 decimal
places that's precise that is very precise like honestly when it comes to pie you don't need that
many decimal places to do some really good calculations right you three point one four is
good enough but steam went to 16 decimal places so you could take the numbers find the common
denominator figure out how many people got at least one achievement which correlates to how
many sales you have but aren't there a lot of people and granted you know I'm I don't have this
article sitting in front of me aren't there a lot of people who buy the game that don't get any
achievements possibly but if you're just looking for who's playing the game I guess that's true
because the percent you're you're never gonna get like a hundred percent never mind I get it I get
it cuz you're 16 places okay never mind I kind of answer my own question in my head yeah so you
just want to know who's playing the game yeah yeah and I know that they came up a list with like the
top 1000 games or something of course Team Fortress 2 being number one of course but yeah
it was interesting I can't see how everybody fell into place on that hmm all right well let's move
on and talk about the potential for more switch titles coming in 2018 Nintendo will not let you
know who got what to 16 decimal places because that would involve Nintendo going online but
Nintendo may be providing new games by the end of the year the former now president of Nintendo
Tatsumi Kimishima has talked about the Nintendo has other titles coming to the switch that have
yet to be revealed this is what they're talking about Nintendo is going to disclose more
information at an appropriate times that means a direct in a few months probably the lineup
includes products that will be launched during the year-end shopping season it's not yet time
to reveal the full lineup more games will be released before the end of the fiscal year which
would mean early 2019 as well which that also makes it I would almost feel like more of that
is gonna fall into this category because I feel like in fall we'll get a direct that talks about
January February March anyway well there's still you know there's even like everyone forgets there's
games comm still and you know even though there wasn't a lot of announcements from Sony in
previous years games come has been a big portion of their announcements as well and there's Tokyo
Game Show which yes I know Nintendo does not historically participate around that but they
usually do stuff around that time anyway to kind of you know remain competitive I will point out
Kimishima called the games a powerful lineup although that could be translation open a question
there marketing speak yeah Nintendo does aim to maintain and expand the momentum of the switch
towards the year-end shopping season which honestly I don't think they need a lot of help in
doing if you think about it there's already a lot of great games on the switch sure more to
sustain it's gonna be even better but you know somebody looking to get a switch right now can
still look at there's Breath of the Wild Mario Kart 8 Mario Odyssey and soon there'll be Mario
Party Smash Brothers like you know and that's really the tip of the iceberg if you think about
it so I think the switch you know I'm not too worried about the switches lineup and how that's
gonna sell through the holiday this year I think it's gonna do just fine I think it is interesting
they're talking about unreleased stuff however there's a couple things I don't think this
necessarily means we're talking about triple-a cartridge titles these could be download things
in the style of NES remix right that was a pretty you know cool little title that they
surprised I think we get me ports I'm thinking like maybe well still thinking about where's
Mario maker hold on here's here's the big thing we still have not heard Nintendo's online plan
so I'm that is true yeah assuming these games probably tie into that and it may be more than
just the here's the 8-bit you know balloon fight or whatever you know games that they got oh
actually they've announced the first 10 they did announce the first 10 didn't they I seem to
remember that was an article from a few weeks ago so anyway we know some of the games that are gonna
be coming but who's to say that it's limited to this subscription style thing wouldn't you think
Nintendo is also going to use this opportunity to put out digital games that encourage online
play that will also be available to purchase such as why not the dr. Mario remake that was on Wii U
perfect example right why not bring that hey another Wii U port over to the switch you know
what I mean so think along those lines what are some other games that are you know kind of you
know smaller development team either remaster sports or they could be new online new simple
online experiences again NES remix was a new concept in a way so what these titles could
absolutely be a part of that so I would anticipate Nintendo is going to have a big online reveal in
what September probably heading into October was October the month they said this is gonna finally
go live so don't think you like one a month no they don't do directs once a month maybe every
other month and some of them are minis so I would say September ish we'll get a direct that's gonna
be a big like October blowout here's the online and it's the subscription and you're gonna be
able to get this too and oh if you download Pokemon crystal you can send those Pokemon to
new let's go actually that would make sense because the gen crossover so I guess it's gonna
be Pokemon yellow yet again on your fucking switch now you can import some of these Pokemon into
Pokemon let's go Pikachu and let's go Eevee there will be things like this that this is the kind of
stuff that Nintendo is gonna DLC for Mario Odyssey or something like that yeah but then I can do that
game of the year edition type thing I don't necessarily disagree but I think that is outside
the scope of what Kimishima is referencing here because he's talking about other titles and so I
think it's online shit I think they're gonna do a big online another Pikmin game maybe who knows
who knows Bobby Blackwell says a wada did directs once a month that ended with him did were they
really doing it that free I mean I don't I don't disagree I mean it does seem like they were doing
it more frequently at one point and it's kind of scaled back because there was a big question mark
for a while who's going to do these without a water around and I think you know everybody else
around Nintendo's kind of stepped up to you know you got Reggie you got a Miyamoto you've got the
treehouse crew you know they kind of they kind of fill in all those gaps and now that Nintendo has
a permanent president because remember Kimishima was always meant to be temporary now the Nintendo
has a permanent president maybe he'll be the host of this first direct that they end up doing this
fall who knows who knows anyway act Efton chat talking about the DLC for Odyssey says I would
love DLC for Odyssey if that means more levels and stuff why not why not I wouldn't be surprised
at all all right let's move on dark soccer yes well for fans who like anime and love their video
games especially like animated things about their video games there are two things to be coming out
number one Rob ingress the animation you know what's funny they announced that back in December
like this action that is a new information it's where it's gonna be that's new information and
some of this new art that they put out but they did they showed us a half second of the anime
there's a little bit more though okay so it's supposed to be out according to hold on it's
so that it was becoming it's a Netflix in October that's that's so the thing though is that it the
art director for Evangelion Honda Takeshi is also involved in it and I'm really really looking
forward to seeing what turns out about it because I mean the animation style looks amazing the
premise behind it is also gonna play into ingress prime yeah so I think that's all pretty neat yeah
I'm excited about not just because I play ingress like you know but ingress was always bigger in
Japan than it was here that's why I rewatch the ingress prime trailer I don't know if it was a
new trailer but they had an English prime trailer that I watched that trailer is so full of nothing
like it's just like blah blah speak like this makes no fucking sense oh no no no sense go back
and watch the original ingress reveal trailer and you'll be like that isn't the fucking game
whatsoever but that's like the Pokemon go trailer anyway so in other news of course Castlevania has
also been renewed for season two which I hope is more than you know what three episodes I think
they said it's six good well I think eight episode sorry eight episodes um October 26 is when it is
also going to be out so both on Netflix so it looks like Netflix is gonna have a good month
to come October well they spent like 1 billion dollars on new properties so yeah I expect there's
a lot of stuff coming to Netflix yeah hopefully more nailed it I'm really looking forward though
because I really liked Castlevania especially when you had a lot of the tie-in on for its color
palette to the NES games it really did sample I think a lot of the same colors that were used
and it really was a great tie-in so there you go all right I I am not even that big of an anime
person but I'm looking forward to these I will I'll have to ping Ranma for his opinion on the
ingress and Castlevania stuff coming up anyway Loki what do you got so speaking of new announcements
for the switch there's a port of warframe coming to the switch it's being developed by panic button
who did the ports for doom and Wolfenstein the new Colossus and Rocket League they announced it
during the TennoCon 2018 which apparently is a warframe convention me not being a participant
of warframe I didn't even know they had conventions for it but I guess it is uber popular so it makes
sense so we'll be coming to the switch they talked about that there may be some opportunities for
cross-play to which I say how is PlayStation gonna fuck this up how are they not going to
because warframes on PlayStation it's so how are they gonna fuck this up Loki it's it's not that
complicated of a question I'll tell you how they're gonna fuck it up like go look at Fortnite there
you go that's how they're gonna fuck it up kind of PlayStation sometimes I just I this is also
an opportunity for Sony to get off their goddamn high horse so we'll see what happens get off or
get knocked off I don't know if I'd go that far especially because warframes already existed it's
not like this is a new thing anyway uh let's see dungeon buster by the way wanted to go look at
the facts on the Nintendo Directs Bobby is on point sometimes there would be even more than
one direct a month at the list of Nintendo Directs but I guess it's it's slowed down a little more as
of late so anyway let's move on and talk a little bit about the Intellivision the new one not the
old one I mean we could talk about the old one too we're talking about the new one Tommy Tallarico
went on a podcast and talked a lot as has been known to happen and that's no shade at Tommy I
love a person he's awesome I love a person that's passionate about their stuff but and the guy likes
to talk he's been on a well are where he talked for half the show which is great he went on Bobby's
show where he talked for over the show so it's great Tommy's great and he went on this other
podcast called nerdable but they spell it in leet speak which is interesting choice that's a choice
so he went on this podcast and talked about Intellivision and what all is gonna be expected
on the new Intellivision and in very Tommy style here's the thing I don't want to compare Tommy to
45 because that's a very rude thing to do to compare somebody who I really respect to somebody
who well you can you can finish that sentence or but here's the thing sometimes when like you know
the 45 talks about like things very bigly and hype some things up like a lot of it is hype and
I worry that a lot of what I'm hearing in this interview is also a lot of that same
hype and there's a part of me that wants to tell Tommy yo I'm so happy that you're passionate Tommy
because we need lots of people like that in the industry especially people making the decisions
but just don't over promise and under deliver that is the worst possible thing you can do
don't be a clique a chameleon oh yeah well yes that too anyway and here's the one here's the here's
the reason why so so Tommy is saying well listen this quote we are paying people very talented
people we have big publishers huge publishers midsize publishers we have big developers we got
small developers medium developers and if there's a concept that they bring us then we're gonna take
all of the risk away from them financial risk as well and we'll front load all of the royalties I
love that but there's a part of me that reads that quote while I'm doing this thing with my hand that
a certain cheeto with a lot of power does when he talks I can't help it and also I'm sorry Tommy
I'm so sorry also that we I was gonna give you money for your game too if you put it on their
system and front thing is I don't think he feels it's hype given the big lead-up he had and how
excited he's been on Facebook yeah I really I really feel really happy for him and hope he's
successful I do too yeah don't get me wrong like even though I'm being a little playful with some
of these comparisons like I really do want this new Intellivision to do well but there's also that
part of me like I'm gonna be honest I'm also skeptical because I'm like okay but like it's
it's an Intellivision remake you've already set the bar at you're not going after PlayStation and
Xbox so that right there should set the bar kinda lower so why come move the bar high does that make
sense I don't know that's that's that's where my concerns are anyway to register participation for
this week's episode of orange lounge radio at vognetwork.com use the passphrase badge we would
rather have 20 epic games as opposed to 50 mediocre games a game on the Intellivision
console has to be at least a 7 out of 10 well if it's not a 7 out of 10 they're not gonna put it
on the car I don't think that's what I think that again I think that's just kind of hype which you
know okay cool they want to price this console under $200 even less than $179 they will not be
using crowdfunding to do it wireless Bluetooth controllers SD card slot HDMI output USB slot for
add-ins hackers delight is what this shit sounds like which no problem with that anyway he talked
about imagine being able to play pitfall 40 years later with completely amazing photorealistic
graphics incredible movie sounds we're not gonna mess with the thing that made the game super
popular that's my imagine be able to play Street Fighter but instead of the Street Fighter sprites
that you know and love we took the Street Fighter actors from the Street Fighter movie and put him
into the game it's so much better than the original Street Fighter fuck all the way off
fuck all the way off with that quote because I was actually really excited about because I'm like
yeah actually that sounds I pitfall is a classic game that's a great idea why not just make take
like a classic formula but like you know it's shush it up a little bit and and now you got
something a little bit newer I I don't know that might that was my favorite part of the whole thing
I'd be into that anyway Bobby and chat says Tommy is the one fronting the money he's not asking you
or me to crowdfund it so yeah the fact that you know he's putting any where's no jokes aside you
know if anything if anybody can pull it off I believe Tommy could do it so I'm I'm not worried
but I'm just saying yeah it's fun good luck and don't fuck it up that's what we're telling to Tommy
I will mention this real quick though about the controller they're they're bringing back the disc
now here's the thing the Intellivision disc was really cool and that it's very easy it's flat and
it's simple the Intellivision the old one sucked because it wasn't the disc itself but the ridge
the hard raised ridged around it so when you played in television games for a long time it
was your thumb and your nail that went into that hard ridge and so after you've played after a
while it started to hurt so we're gonna get rid of that Ridge right so you can hand your mom or
your grandparent a control with the disc on it and it's like a mouse you moved around when you
see something on screen move around same thing with the disc so you know anyway he's gonna put
out more details after October 1st he says don't expect a release date he says the company has one
in mind not this Christmas and not next Christmas so that says 2020 at the earliest for this thing
so the good news in that although you might be thinking like god that's a long way out to hype
something up the good news is if you're gonna release a console in 2020 you want to have those
great developers on board now to start making those games so I would actually be a little more
concerned if he said it's going to be out this Christmas I'd be like how are you gonna get
quality games by this Christmas but 2020 is most likely when we're gonna see another set of
consoles come out true but PlayStation 5 and Xbox 2 are probably gonna charge at least 400 if not
$500 for their new consoles you know again we got a long way to go guys I'm not gonna speculate too
bad on this so if Intellivision is your remasters of your classic games reimagines of your classic
games for a hundred and fifty bucks it will look pretty appealing next to those other two to a
certain crowd not maybe not for you me her or the people that are like super to give I don't know
with the right games I might I would be into it actually so we'll see we'll see anyway some quick
comments from chat and then we'll move on let's see Bobby Blackwell says I mean everyone made fun
of him for the early days of video games live and he's like trust me it'll work and people were like
you start with fucking pong and are you nuts and now video games live is a worldwide phenomenon no
as much as we rib a little bit on Tommy and this there's some of these quotes and things you know
what like like Loki reference this is sure to go better than the Coleco vision Coleco chameleon or
karma Camille what the hell was that thing called Coleco chameleon the Coleco chameleon this is
sure to go better than the Atari thing is what could possibly go wrong anyway moving on Dark
Sakura speaking of classics well the Daria series is coming to the switch it looks like it's a big
collection which I'm pretty happy about although there are some that are only in the special
edition so of course the special edition would be what I would want in the normal one we get the
arcade versions of Darius Darius to sagaya he said Darius I thought he said Daria for saying
there's a sweet coming back you pew pew pew you also get Darius guide and in the special version
you get the super Famicom versions of Darius twin Darius force for a master system sagaya you also
get Darius 2 for Sega Genesis and Darius alpha for PC engine and it looks like it's gonna be
pretty sweet the Darius games are great not too easy but that special edition also comes with a
CD with arranged tracks and a Darius art book and an acrylic stand so there you go Darius sweet is
this a shooty shoot pew pew game that you enjoy from the past yes it is all right well speaking
of a game from the past Battletoads so Battletoads is a pretty popular game we probably just
saw some speed runs of it actually on during summer games done quick which I did watch a ton
of and I've been slowly parsing through that six hour or seven hour run of Final Fantasy 6 I love
that shit made me actually want to go back and play Final Fantasy 6 which I might now they have
the SNES classic mini but did you know that don't you mean Final Fantasy 3 then her yes I also have
the English translated version of 5 now on there too they put that on there so let's see time to
hack Loki's systems that was less than a day it was a day because I didn't touch it the first day
so you don't have a normal Super Nintendo do you not anymore it's gonna see you could just do the
same thing with it ever drive but then I do the CRT TV and yeah I have I don't have a original I
might have actually I think I do have an original yellowing Super Nintendo somewhere I need it
because I got you um what came to they get you Megaman X yes you did Megaman X but I now I have
the retron 5 that's what I can play all that stuff on now so anyway sorry look no problem so did
you know that there was a version of Battletoads the arcade game that was supposed to be coming to
the Game Boy but never was finished so apparently now it is so they had one of our and they said one
of our engineers here happened to have a Game Boy emulator we dragged the file into it and waited
with bated breath he said and it ran I couldn't believe it no one had seen the game in about 22
years I was the only person who recalls it's existence at all using the original source code
they worked out a cheat for infinite lives and they ran through the entire game and they found
out that the game was complete they just never released it so I don't know are they going to
release it maybe it'll be part of a collection or some maybe that ROM will just find its way
onto the internet maybe Microsoft will magically put it out to build hype for their new Battletoads
game that's probably also in 2020 with the new television so who knows yeah so Battletoads arcade
they also had an SNES port planned but that never happened either all right well this might make
some of you sad I don't know I don't know how many of you shop with Amazon Prime but Amazon Prime is
starting to scale back some of the 20% discounts Amazon is scaling back rereleases and remasters
they've added those to the games that are ineligible for 20% off when you pre-order
although apparently some of the games that are on the list right now still will have this 20%
applied for example Shenmue one and two still offering the savings on this does this mean
Spyro the dragon is not going to let us get 20% off I think I'd be curious for more details what
this kind of means like would this just be like The Last of Us remastered when they like put a
ps3 game on the ps4 is that but like you know cuz there's there's different levels of remaster
you know what I mean yeah sometimes they really go in and clean it up are they talking about like
here's the game of the year edition with all the other stuff with it or because if Captain Toad
counts which is gonna be pretty much a port of the Wii U version except what they changed some of
the Mario stuff to Mario Odyssey and that stuff like just add stuff to it so changing things it's
it's it's a very it's very gray in this but I think this is all leading up to Amazon eventually
getting rid of this discount altogether because Best Buy has recently done it the game publishers
and the game studios hate this they do not like this 20% discount thing they feel it devalues
their games and it's it cuts into the whole digital thing where with more and more people
going digital with their games that is a bigger cut that Nintendo especially Nintendo Sony and
Microsoft get when you buy directly the all that overhead that would usually go to GameStop between
like the 47 that it cost to sell to a retailer like that $13 difference that's how GameStop
makes their money guess what they can't say shit about it because the only thing that really would
the MSRP ever has an effect on is advertising dollars because they you have to abide by their
rules if you want to get that advertising money that they might provide but they're not taking it
which in this case they're probably not taking the money then they can eat a dick it doesn't matter
because they can charge whatever they want for that fucking game boo fucking who that you don't
like it all right well let's travel back to it let's travel back to a simpler time let's go back
to a time when there were no remasters and remakes because we were getting games for the very first
time save for maybe the Ninja Gaiden trilogy I did Ninja Gaiden trilogy I some childhood habits
are hard to break anyway what I'm trying to think of other old like Super Nintendo cartridges of
NES games Oh Super Mario all-stars anyway let's get to the classic game of the week actually once
a month our soccer says you know what fuck the game we're gonna do when you have another month
to make up for we're gonna do a peripheral so last week we got June's a little late this tonight
we're getting July's yes classic peripheral of the month and I think I think dance pads dance pads
and it's really a big broad selection of them so I'm really casting a net and in this case actually
the 1987 power pad can even be included in the genre of soft pads the early ones were typically
10 to 20 bucks they got more expensive as time went on but they have different sensors under the
pad where you can step in different places konami released their own other makers of the soft ones
were BNS USA I read octane in tech mad cats to my my box naki international and Nintendo's action
pad and let's not forget the konami insanely expensive solo pad that they released that was
an arcade thing yeah like a thousand bucks well and basically just sticking with the soft pads
for now as things went on you know there are even they came out on all kinds of systems I had the
dreamcast ones were the first ones I had also as I call it the slip and death pad because it had a
plastic cover over the top that would come loose was weird to me and it was falling over dead then
hard pads came out and hard pads you know they were usually made of metal some would be plastic
there were I think the very first ones that came out with those arcade style ones and we're looking
at you know upwards of six hundred dollars a thousand more if you're getting you know doubles
pads as well but other manufacturers for those with EDR game there's cobalt flux my my box brown
box and red octane and not the international as well but these were meant to be the arcade
experience although they work anywhere from really well made to really flimsy and then you also had
the solid-state pads which those instead of using mechanical switches they used a proximity sensor
so that they would detect where your your feet were when they were hitting it so it didn't actually
have to use moving parts you know kind of like the way a solid-state hard drive would work it's
all fair now there were of course other things that this led to because I'm gonna include some
of this now step mania when it came out now the predominant games that use these pads were of
course EDR you also did have like what you were talking about the jungle book rhythm and whatever
shake your butt yeah whatever that was called yeah but you know there were knockoff games but
really DVR was the big thing for in step mania when it seems the advent of step mania they would
start to do like USB converters for those dance pads or just flat-out USB ones I know that pump
it up had PC pads specifically for their version so got all kinds of different ones so and some of
the major ones you had your DDR slush in the groove slash step mania with the arrow panels
you had pump it up when solo came out there was of course the solo pad although you could remap
your own X buttons there was dance UK and MC grooves dance craze that had eight and then
techno motion with nine what about Britney's dance beat by the way I was very even though
what YouTube has moved on to pink dinosaur I was very touched by your Asia O'Hara tribute there
during the opening I guess her you know neither was her lip-sync they weren't dead people are
saying to drop dead butterflies they weren't dead they just couldn't breathe they were frozen
it was too cold in there anyway I know someone who did butterflies at their wedding it was very
sad anyway homebrew pad so that also led to the very crafty out here I'm looking at Loki to try
making their own dance pads people using plywood what kind of fool well and even modifying dance
pads like the ones that she who shall not be named had where they were plywood and you know
clear packing tape which by the way is the way I passed my first line Twitter wasn't one of those
just saying but now people will build them out of wood sheet metal acrylic glass polycarbonate
you know just DIY dance pads by rewiring a controller or building their own controllers
this way and some of them you know are pretty crafty they'll have like the solo arrows or have
arrows across the whole pad so they can switch between DVR and pump it up and a lot of them are
meant to use like some of them won't have like circuit switchers so that they can use them on
multiple different machines and they end up in some cases the really well-made ones will be cost
wise about the same as one of the professional ones you buy at the store so as far as other
games that use dance pads and I'm going to be going into some weird ones of course there are
the ones that use the NES power pad breakthrough great gaming presents axle all of the mini games
for DVR Mario mix and craft rocking the boat perhaps soccer striker and crash virtual dojo
and then a game called exsult DVR a mole which is like black and white many games in dance praise
to the remit and dance dress which is a Tetris simulator and the 2014 game crypto the network
answer and there you go all right you didn't mention the one that I have seen before I think
it was called dance Christ or something like that oh dance praise yeah I'm sorry yeah I think
everyone how dare you question yes Christ dance Christ instead of just Christ I'm just gonna go
dance Christ dance Christ it's our I could just do bend Ella Christ all right let's see going to
chat over at live at dot vogue dot word calm by buckle says I remember always wanting street cop
for the NES power pad I read about it in Nintendo power and really really really wanted it I never
got it as Joe 100 Matt brings up spider stomp you know what power pad game was the bomb my favorite
was the the awesome like the second most awesome combo cart on the NES next to Super Mario and duck
hunt was short order and a explode what was those were those that those games from a jam on power
bad you did you ever go to that bowling alley and like conquered that I can't remember what the
dancing game was but it had too small too big and then too small again six buttons huh and it was
the music was not good you don't say I think it was and I don't leave I don't think it was Korean
I don't I think it was actually a Taiwanese dancing game okay um but I don't remember what it was
called I don't either it's like dance motion or dance 3d dx one time see now I'm gonna this is
gonna bother me and I've only got three minutes to look this up so now I want to play though the
future of these dancing games and that's that little rainbow LED dancing on the what was rush
dance rush that looks fun so I think a trip to round one pretty soon might be in order we'll see
you know I still need to have an appropriate birthday party and so does Alan so maybe we
need to go throw a party around one or something wait a couple months we'll just do all three we'll
just go down there you go my birthday there you go it's just I can't remember what it was called
it was like called like it dance motion or something it's techno motion no because that
was the nine panel one I don't think it was yeah it's it's okay it's okay if you can't think of it
as showing her Matt is rubbing it in that he's played it saying dance run she's a ton of fun
all right well we can't all play it all right anyway and I know it wasn't dancing stage cuz
that was the British name for all right well we are gonna take a break guys when we come back
there is plenty more orange lounge radio including your calls at orange lounge radio all one word on
Skype although sadly there will not be a dark soccer here in the second half of the show
tonight so let me ask you now do you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight our
sara um I I hurt we'll feel better no I don't hurt in a bad way but now this is gonna bug me
until I figure out what the fuck game this was all right and even the chatters didn't rescue you
tonight all right anyway we will see dark soccer next week but we will see you guys in just a few
moments when we come back with more of orange lounge radio right after this welcome back
everybody to orange lounge radio live tonight on this July the 8th of 2018 episode number 737 of
our show myself and Loki here in studio dark soccer has left the building for the evening
but you guys can join us a little later in our show on the skype line at orange lounge radio
all one word on Skype yeah so that was an interesting music break those of you that are
listening live we we went a little longer than usual tonight because oh my gosh like so I was
coming back from the kitchen I don't know what I was doing I was very frustrated that we didn't
have a lot of coffee left and as I was coming back I slammed my knee into this coffee table
here which is where like Jamie would usually put her computer it's it's hard to explain what you
guys don't have the visual because I slammed my knee into the table and like it was loud like you
could hear that when I slammed into that table right Loki and yeah I'm like oh god is it bleep
because it really hurts and I'm like okay it's not bleeding so we're good but I looked at it
like oh that's definitely gonna be a bruise tomorrow so that'll be fun that'll affect my
ability to I get my steps in for the day so I yeah that was a injury workman's comp workman
oh wait this job doesn't pay anything all right well let's get back to the gaming news and then
we'll get to your calls but first some rapid-fire news starting with Loki so there was a tease a
brand new surgeon simulator trailer called bone-shattering news and what it revealed
was a hit you know the hand that you normally have in a surgeon simulator fumbling amount stuff
and then trying to push a light switch which leads people to believe that there's a hint
that there's gonna be a switch port of the game coming soon so that we will have to wait and see
but apparently that could be a thing but speaking of ports of games RPG maker MV is coming to
PlayStation 4 Xbox one and the switch now becoming I believe next year and the trailer I know I watch
shows absolutely nothing but I love RPG maker and I'm looking forward to checking that out
one it's out here at some point so sweet and then are you gonna make naughty RPGs RPG no honestly I
haven't actually messed with RPG maker that much because it is a lot of work to make an RPG yeah
so I would have to have something in mind like a full story that I'd want to do and make a naughty
RPG what am I in high school well and in back then it was not a text venture games and yes I
have made one there is one that exists out of basic whatever happened to the guy that made the
olr text adventure game do you remember the olr text adventure game somebody made one back in
the day this was this was like the early this is the live 365 days of olr somebody made an olr text
adventure as somebody who doesn't listen anymore sadly because they were clearly a super fan to
have gone to that extent to make a text adventure game I I have to like to tart to tart dark Tetsuya
do you remember this because this goes way back I'm surprised not on the wiki somewhere there
might be a story on the or I don't know there's it there is an olr text adventure game out there
somewhere it's old anyway yeah but it was it was cool that it existed you want to do a few more
should I just take over um I can do okay so and then the new neo geo game coming to the switch is
a game called super spy and it's gonna be coming out next week and it was originally released in
1991 apparently it's a little bit different than some of the other neo geo games we've gotten
because it's a beat-em-up in the first person perspective with an RPG elements I've never
played this game that's fun so neat and then another tease of stuff to come they introduced
a brand new boss for Mega Man 11 called blast man and I gotta say I really do like the new artwork
of this game so I really can't wait to play it when it comes out but October 2nd is when I'm
gonna have to wait for this to be released and I got a few things for you including the fact that
talim was announced for Soul Calibur 6 if you remember her from I used to play her all the
time in Soul Calibur 2 she had like the little little things on her hands and she was very fast
moving I think she's like an air princess or something like that so anyway she's gonna be in
Soul Calibur 6 which is the game that is coming out this year and oddly we didn't hear like
anything about it e3 so they've been kind of reminding us of its existence with these character
reveals and so forth so that's yeah that's the thing oh yeah that's the thing actually I love
Soul Calibur so I'm super excited for Soul Calibur 6 I just I hope it's good that's all
anyway also let's talk a little about starfield because starfield they are saying could be a
cross-gen game that's all that should give you an indicator when that's coming out right and that
should also give you an indicator on Elder Scrolls 6 because this one is first remember so anyway
apparently the next gen could mean two things for Bethesda it does mean hardware and it does mean
software on our side and it also means gameplay so that could be a little play out of words that
it's the next generation of RPG we've developed brand new bugs and glitches in ways that you'll
never imagine that's right get lost in the galaxy forever in all new ways anyway starfield has been
in development since 2015 I guess seeds of the game the first ideas were back in 2004 so this
game goes way back but games they took a long time to develop don't you know I used to be a
Star Explorer until I took a comet to the knee all right let's travel around the world to check out
some upcoming releases things that will be coming out a little bit sooner than starfield or Elder
Scrolls else set those expectations pretty low because we are in the middle of July one of the
slowest months of the year so we've got Hotel Transylvania three monsters over board on PC
switch tie-in PlayStation 4 and Xbox one and that's not your sort of cup of tea but then maybe
shining resonance reframe on PC switch PlayStation 4 and Xbox one that's a role-playing game and
that's gonna be coming out this week as well and then let's see here actually I think there's one
more Warhammer vermitide 2 on Xbox one and then the end of the week some actual notable stuff
captain toad treasure tracker on the Nintendo switch in 3ds and octopath traveler on the switch
and I am planning to pick that up yeah I was gonna say I thought before you were shading this weekend
releases I was like wait a minute wasn't this week well it's still slow I mean yeah it is what
one big game in the week is not a huge huge deal but I know a lot of olr people are gonna be
checking out the octopath traveler game I'll probably end up picking that up myself honestly
and then hey captain toad I know has its fans too and people that will want to revisit that game all
over again on the switch especially if you never got the chance on the Wii U all right let's move
on I'm gonna get into some releases for Japan and talk about what you can look forward to there
including let's see this week on the 12th can go kuto Mary Skelter 2 in a regular and limited
edition that's the only release on the PlayStation 4 this week so I'm trying to figure out if this is
like a big title or not but it's a compile-heart game and it's based off it looks like another
anime game but they're talking about there's dungeon map size adjustments oh it's a upgrade
of an original game because they talk about this is different from the original game there's an
automatic feature in jail roulette and various features added to the warehouse so this is a
remaster was that I can go kuto Mary Skelter to regular and limited edition yeah that really I
mean and then we go to the switch this week in Japan octopath traveler also has a Japanese
release and there are some new amiibo splatoon characters I believe this is what we have this
island marine yep yeah I think it's them but the versions he may and eta are their names over in
Japan so they're out in Japan this week as well as a game called the Susum a Kino Pio tai-chu comes
out on the switch this week so it's a much bigger week on the switch than it is anywhere else so oh
do you know Susum a Kino Pio tai-chu that's captain toad that's what they call it over there
much different name hmm all right anyway Loki what about the UK UK has shiny residents reframe
that's coming out on Xbox one the switch and PlayStation 4 they are also getting the Pearl
and Marina amiibo Lego the Incredibles is coming out on PlayStation 4 Xbox one and the switch also
Hotel Transylvania 3 monsters overboard on those same three systems captain toad treasure tracker
and octopath traveler both on the switch and then they're also getting in addition to that earth fall
deluxe edition on PlayStation 4 and Xbox one so it's it's basically it's octopath traveler featuring
captain toad week I've heard so many comparisons to that to Final Fantasy 6 I'm like I'm hearing
I'm hearing it's more like a saga game which actually has me where I I think the saga series
is super overrated unpopular opinion sorry about yeah so when I hear it compared to saga I'm like
I hope not anyway let's move on and get to the mailbag because every week you guys send us
emails to participate at orange lounge radio.com you send us your emails to participate at orange
lounge radio.com every week but some weeks you don't this weekend and send us email any emails
though so much for the mailbag segment too busy with fireworks apparently y'all too busy as my
mom used to say why don't you just set your money on fire it's the same bang for the buck that's
what people are like money on fire bet you lit off all sorts of fireworks with your kids I'm
like I don't feel like wasting money on garbage yeah yeah so well you're just gonna blow your
hand off actually you know how I would always get my mom to come around in the end though is
I would be like oh but this fireworks booth the money is going towards preschools or it's going
towards schools and then my mom would be like all right what are we gonna get so there was always a
way to bring her around oh yeah yeah we got the co-workers why she goes ones you know this one's
for our church and stuff I'm like I'm not buying I always ask what the charity is because obviously
there are certain religions I want to make sure I'm not indirectly donating to something that would
fund you know anti-gay teaching or anything that supports conversion therapy so I do try to you
know investigate a little bit but usually I almost always will find the marching band that's raising
money and that's you know that was me in high school I was them I was the band geek so I almost
always end up buying either from marching man or if the Masonic people the Dimalay because I was
involved in that when I was a kid it's a Dimalay people find me I always buy from that too so I
just I've stopped after each year it's been why I buy any this year I know it's past like every
year it's been just like more depressing than the last with how the fireworks are you'd buy it like
something it's like a this you know grand finale firework in the last like a minute and it's just
for forget it why bother I should ask that I we keep talking about charities and fireworks I
don't know if it is that way everywhere but here in our region which I assume is the way most
California works which I assume is the way most of the nation works but I'm not sure probably you
can only buy approved fireworks the safe and sane fireworks and they're all like charity boosts it
doesn't matter anywhere there's like fires every day there's a fire when I came in today oh well
you because then they everybody drives down to TJ and brings in the fireworks across state line or
even like Nevada you go to vata buy different stuff that he can here and they bring them here
but TJ is the biggest you know people are driving into Mexico and buying crazy shit and they bring
them here so that's just the way it happens so but the ones you're supposed to use are all
funding charity but somebody's got to be the big I like that I'm gonna fire off I liked all the uh
you know was it the announcements you know LA County does not allow fireworks whatsoever
then you see you know the animation of like a plane flying and there's just fireworks going
off everywhere it's like right yeah they really cracked down on that yeah it's just like here
don't buy illegal fireworks it's like every even mortar is going off everywhere the day before the
day after like probably tonight you'll still hear some god it's so irritating anyway guy I really
have gone full-blown old man haven't I let's get back into some gaming that's what happens you
don't email us if you don't email us you're gonna get an old man rant how's that new rule for my 40s
all right lowkey let's get back into some gaming news all right so there's this brand new
uh fast start feature that was rolling out with the xbox one uh that's finally happened uh the
only problem is though is it only applies to certain games that are part of that game pass
um so let's see which games have it supported don't know but there's some only a few of them
that support it um and apparently it's the if you're not remember if you don't remember what
faster it was it applies machine learning technology to identify which parts of the
games are required uh for full-fledged gameplay and so it downloads those portions first so that
the games load faster I mean and I guess that makes sense if you think about it it only works
for some of them because it says this is going to be getting better as it goes along then you know
there might not be support across the board yet I can't help but feel like this is a throwback
ready for another old man rant back in my day on the commodore 64 back in 1985 on the commodore 64
used to get the fast load cartridges that you plug into the back so I don't I don't know exactly how
they worked I think it would like preload some of the data onto the cartridge or something so it
allowed to fast load off the the cartridge or something I don't know exactly how that whole
thing worked because I'm not as computer savvy but they used to have those cartridges that were fast
load this is I feel like here we are in the year 2018 and we're still talking about fast load
applications and cartridges it's pretty um and then of course okay so I did find the list of
games that are supported by it um well at least that's what it said it's a big list Loki well it
said that there was going to be a list and then I went to the list and there's no list so that
it was nothing but ads for pornography I feel like I've been I wish at least that would have
been something done so this is just talking about what fast start is um geez well you know there's
not really a list here I was expecting a list you'd link to a list and there's no list so
whatever just guess you'll be surprised if it's Microsoft first party and it's on game pass it's
a likely candidate for this in the early stages probably yeah all right anyway uh let's talk about
uh a game that uh people loaded fast and then uninstalled pretty quickly unfortunately mass
effect Andromeda and here we are all this time after the original release the game we're still
talking about why did this game fail even though I done told y'all why the game failed a long time
ago it's because it should have been delayed that's why this game failed it should wait again
am I guessing that we're gonna blame someone else for 500 alex yes you're a winner oh you get the
daily double I love it when companies blame other peoples for their failings well here's the thing
and I here's the thing as much as we can taunt this guy for it I actually think he's getting
a lot of unnecessary shit for the quote and I will explain myself here in a minute so he's a
Bioware developer and he's Anthem's executive producer so I already don't like him just kidding
I will stick up for him here a little bit Mark Dara who was talking on Twitter uh a little bit
about this uh actually the clarifications came up on Twitter but he was talking about uh if Andromeda
got a fair shake and he says no because the RPG genre was quite crowded at the time uh mentioning
that Andromeda launched at the same time as Zelda Breath of the Wild was called out now in a series
of clarification tweets he goes on to kind of talk about that you know the game might have gotten a
higher Metacritic score if it hadn't been released at the same time as like all these other RPGs to
which that were fully polished I know and I'm kind of like girl don't dig that it's like yes everybody
I know when I know when Andromeda came out I was like damn it these RPG elements are not good
enough why did they why did they skimp on the RPG elements here's the thing here's the message I
took away from that honestly you knew you didn't have a 10 out of 10 game you knew you didn't have
a 10 out of 10 game EA knew you didn't have a 10 out of 10 game everybody fucking knew you didn't
have a 10 out of 10 game except the players but you released it anyway not only did you release
it you released it early for a very small group of people so that word could get out quickly that it
wasn't a 10 out of 10 game because you were willing to shit I'm sorry EA was willing to
shit on the Mass Effect name that quickly you got sold the fuck out by the EA board
you're not 10 out of 10 game to please investors which news flash if you delayed the game and just
released it over the holidays the investors would have been pissed off in the short term
but guess what in the long term you might have had a better game with better sales and it would
have turned out okay just like it did for Nintendo well maybe they had a timeline that
they had to hit they wanted to hit with anthem that forced them to finish the other game in
order to be able to start development on that game you don't want to go there with me right now
oh come on we it's we should you don't want to go there with me right now let's open pandora's box
no we're gonna keep that closed because y'all you all already know you don't insert your raw
brand here you fucking know I've mentioned it enough on this program already so here's the thing
do I now I said I would give this guy credit is there credit to the fact that this game came out
when there were these other RPGs that came out and so therefore in a crowded marketplace it did end
up grasping for air a little bit more because gamers only have so much money and so forth
yes it's the same thing in the movie industry right or same thing any other time of the year
right you release your movie the same weekend as a movie that does run away bang up success
your movie might suffer because of it that's what they're saying happened to the Han Solo story
I think that's just I think it's Star Wars fatigue a lot of people think that Star Wars fatigue
but that's what they're blaming it is that Han Solo came out when all this other stuff was out
in the summer whereas most of the Star Wars stuff as of recently has been in the winter
anyway I don't want to change this into a different argument there is a little bit of
truth to that however this is why movies are unafraid to change their release dates
so again mark just remember your bosses sold your game out to keep the investors happy so just
you know you better hope anthem does well or else they're gonna sell out your company too
you know close down like all the other ones anyway but yeah I mean like come on like seriously
the complaint wasn't because of the RPG elements the complaint was this looks like an
unfinished rush job of a game is what the complaint was
kaiju don't chat ask a great question honestly so what was wrong with the game and why did it feel
rushed bugs like uh the faces spinning all around and all this stuff um I think also the story felt
kinda like and we know now with after all this like mass effect development stuff that they
have this one thing in mind the story felt a little bit like undone and I understand that
they want to keep the door open for dlc and all this but then they cancel the dlc they cancel the
dlc but the story just kind of feels a little half baked like it's like we got from point a to point
b but we didn't really have that same meat and potatoes that flesh around it that we had in the
original mass effect trilogy you go play like mass effect 2 and 3 especially 2 it doesn't get better
like I don't know how else to explain it then go play mass effect 2 and look at how look at what
a meaty fucking game that is and even though it has its own share of minor bugs at the end
of the day you don't care because it's kind of a meaty game and then put it side by side like
something like mass effect andromeda which feels kind of like there's a story there but it's a
little diet it's it's caffeine-free coke zero of mass effect that's what it is loki the worst
possible thing I mean well it's still coke but it's barely it's caffeine-free and sugar-free
it's a husk of coke this once was coke there was a coke here now it's gone they've removed all the
coke anyway um dungeon buster in chat says I played the games he mentioned none of them were
as unpolished as andromeda act deft says it's the cheapest knockout brand of coke it's diet shasta
that's what it actually that's got to be a regional thing right because shasta is a
mountain ranger for those of you in norcal it's diet shasta that's what it is
or what's the what's the brand they sell at walmart is that the brand they sell at walmart
what's the pencil shasta they sell like they sell their own in-house brand that's fucking terrible
i don't know the name of it but it's that it's archer farms that's targets brand right
anyway um all right i've had enough we're done talking about mass effect andromeda because i
swear to god these stories just get dropped them in my i i think dark tetsuya posts them
just because he knows it's going to get me riled up let's move on you want to do this next story
that we had for jamie but sure we can talk about this so there's the um apparently there's been
a couple more uh tari prototypes that have been discovered sam's choice it is a choice
ladies and gentlemen if you buy that that's a choice choices um so there's been some prototypes
and unreleased video games from atari that they have discovered um i guess these last two were
uncovered by a scott of the atari games museum um so the first one is a game called star trap
which was designed around 1980 to 1982 and apparently uh this is the source code lacked
the character roms to complete the appearance but apparently you see like some collision boxes and
stuff so it's very basic and then there's another game it was called space storms they said was
designed as a variation of avalanche which became kaboom so that one you have um i guess ask droids
or comments that were falling down from the screen and a few energy shields placed in front
of you to absorb them and as you play the game the play area narrows i don't know these games look
basic i'm kind of surprised atari hasn't found a way to re-release these somehow one of their
multitude of collections well they have a new console coming out and they need crap for that
so there you go who knows all right uh you got one more story loki and i've got one more and then
we're gonna get to the skype line at orange lounge radio all one word on skype if you want to talk
about if you want to get me going on bioware again or if there's something else more pleasant you
want to discuss maybe you want to talk about in television or something so this is funny because
like this there's like literally no meat to this story whatsoever but i'll mention it anyways
so i literally couldn't remember that this was even coming out until i saw this and that's why
i put it on the show exactly it's like oh yeah yeah that was that thing yeah that is so apparently
you know in case you didn't remember because it wasn't mentioned at e3 at all dead island two's
a thing and apparently according to the dead island twitter they announced that at the last
e3 i went to because we went to like a that was like one of the last closed door things i ever
did it i remember the trailer but that was like a long ass time ago and it looked pretty good but
i mean that's a trailer that is based off of cg animation and not necessarily gameplay
um but it looked neat i guess um but yeah it's still in development and they'll share more later
so there you have it that's all the news okay everybody i got a quick uh i'm too lazy to bring
up the official vog pole so i'm gonna just take a quick chat poll what will we get first the new
in television or dead island two uh what's gonna be first dead island two part dead island two is
gonna be first you say i think it'll be canceled you think it's gonna be straight up canceled you
don't think deadline dead island two is dead on arrival that's what you're saying i think it'll
be a couple more years i don't know i i actually would disagree and i say dead island two will
finally make it here uh holiday 2019 and it will beat the in television probably all right but i'm
out i'm out voted by our chat room we've got several votes for in television in our chat so
far so all right anyway thank you for uh humoring me all right one more story for you guys that has
to do with mega man why don't we end on a positive note here everybody loves mega man although
honestly i tried doing a stream this week at the mega man collection dear god i'm garbage at mega
man like how was it that i used to be so much better at mega man game genie fucking a no i
never had a game genie i just i was more skilled when i was 12 anyway um gotta get good there is a
mega man 30th anniversary playstation 4 bundle coming out in japan with 19 games that's right
rockman 11 rockman classics collection one two rockman x anniversary collection one and two
several bonuses four themes alternate music dlc 19 games one 13 000 excuse me 990 yen
that is roughly 126 for all the mega man you could fit on a playstation that is mega collection
and like every mega man collection known to man there it is uh although no word about a actual
playstation 4 that looks like mega man like i'm kind of surprised they're not doing that
opportunity because in japan or like they love you like an energy tank or something says that's
more square oh yeah like a 300 energy tank collectible why not all right they had a case
that was an energy tank one time i think orange lounge radio all one word on skype the skype line
is open wow we fucking ran through part b tonight i think it's gonna end up being a shorter show
tonight but i guess shorter news week means shorter show i don't know anyway um dark tetsuya
in chat says e-tank themed yeah sure all right anyway we have a call coming in let's get to it
hello you are on orange lounge radio who's this hey this act f hey buddy how you doing act f
uh uh pretty much uh great uh though uh the the heat here is like crazy yeah you know i hear that
most of the country is under a pretty bad heat wave which you know extends into parts of canada
mexico our neighbors obviously um but um it it's hot here in sac but not as hot as it like usually
is in july like we were outside doing pokemon go community day today and i think the high was
expected to be like 96 97 yeah but this time of year we're usually looking at like 105 so i'll take
it though yeah we we were at 105 uh here so thanks yeah this uh past weekend uh of pokemon go was
like really crazy for me oh i'm very exhausted but uh it was worth it i i had really way too much fun
and and i'm gonna talk about it because it's been two years since the game launched and and i
actually want to hear your opinions on how the the the game has evolved that that much
and in this past two years you know i think especially in the last year uh the game has
evolved even so much more than it did in the first year and it almost kind of lends credit
to some of the excuses niantic was laying down when the game first launched about all the
troubles they were having is that they really for whatever ridiculous reason weren't prepared for
the number of people that were gonna jump onto this game although you know again i'm kind of
like dude it's it's pokemon it's a cell phone free game like of course a ton of people were
gonna download it but i don't like i can say that and then even still like looking at capital when
i was down at the capital today this is one of many places in sacramento people play down here
at the capital uh sac state is a huge uh bed for people there's a big group like during that whole
the the saturday thing i saw a big group of people going down in old fulsome yeah well yeah
old fulsome had a lot but uh the fulsome paladio is a big event for the the big shopping center
there the paladio is a bit like an outdoor mall they have a big uh presence on these community
days and so forth so i mean like there's just tons of people that were out and so like you know again
i laugh every time i hear pokemon go is a dead game to be fair i'm not really hearing that
anymore i was hearing that more like six months ago but now that the game has trading now that
there are facts to back up the pokemon go is doing better financially than it was the questing and
definitely the gifts and stuff has gotten me to try to get yeah out there more because i feel
obligated yeah yeah for sure i know some people are getting really frustrated at that though like
the the the feel that you have to get out there and give out gifts but i'm just i'm just up front
with people i'm just like yo i try my best to get out gifts every day but like if you don't
live near me then i'm probably not gonna you know try to increase my friendship as quickly with you
because we're not gonna raid together now act deft in your case you you get a buy a lot of the time
i do open a lot of your gifts but you know why i open a lot of your gifts right yeah because they're
from mexico and so there's that distance that comes into play and the fact that the eggs you
know it's kind of cool like honestly my favorite alolan pokemon is from one of my buddies on
twitter who lives in hawaii outside honolulu and he sent me an egg from some type of pokey
stop there and i got an alolan vulpix from hawaii and that's that's just neat i like that i think
that's so cool so um but anyway um i don't know if i even answered your question whatsoever act
f but i mean how was your experience this past weekend and did you get a shiny articuno because
if you did i'm hanging up on you no i i sadly didn't okay i didn't either i didn't get any
articuno we're in the sad club oh i caught plenty of fucking articunos i did i was one of those
people walking around the street but so one of my buddies swears by this up because they always
raid on lunch there's a corporate park in rancho cordova with all these like corporations and so i
i don't really ever go over there um but like we walked from business to business where there's all
these gyms and we did like eight and then i had to go because i had rehearsal but i did eight
articuno raids and probably caught six of the eight articunos but no shinies huh yeah but like
articuno wasn't really the raid boss i needed because like we had articuno a year ago when
raids first launched we had articuno out of the boxes so it's like i didn't fucking need
articunos it was all about the shinies and even the way they there was i kid you not there was
70 people that showed up over at itt where the meeting spot was so they were like okay here's
what we're gonna do we're not gonna care about color today because we know you're all here for
shinies right and everybody's like yeah shinies so it's like nobody was there to get the articuno
everybody just wants nice they're like color doesn't matter because if you get a shiny then
it's a guaranteed catch so you don't need 14 balls to catch a shiny articuno right so they're like
color doesn't matter just split up with people that you want to raid with today have between
six to ten people if you are having problems finding a group come over here to get matched
like i gotta say the way they ran it was really efficient because they were just like your team
doesn't fucking matter today none of it matters raid with your friends to increase your friendship
bonuses and just do it that way and actually worked out really well oh raiding increases your
french bonus also because it's considered an activity that you did with somebody for the day
but if you already traded gifts with that person today then the raid doesn't count oh that sucks
but you still get your but you mean you get the bonus ball you get the bonus to attack you get
the little things yeah so anyway i i keep talking at deft how you're you're the guest how was your
experience with pokemon go this weekend uh again it was actually pretty fun to do uh again exhausting
because the weather here is like really extremely hot so uh we were uh i actually uh moved my local
mystic group uh we pretty much planned out how we were going where we're going to go
exactly what route we were taking and all that stuff because we don't have that many
like pokestops or gems like near each other but uh yesterday was like really fantastic and and
like you were saying uh even like we were all mystics uh we had some uh red people also like
yellow um mystic and valor with us and and they were playing too with us uh and exactly because
we all well we all wanted a shiny even though not many people got it but i do uh with the group i
was with uh and at least two or three people got a shiny so at least i i i'm like happy with that
even though i didn't get a shiny myself yeah it was good to see people getting one for me yeah i
saw people get the shiny articuno so i know they weren't lies contrary to what sj wanted
a madison chat but what was a little bit frustrating was that one guy got three of them in
a row and it's like you want to be happy but at the same time i fucking hate you man at the same
time you're like why can't that be me dude now when you trade a shiny is it come over as a shiny
yes so he could he he'll trade them up he's gonna trade them to be like i didn't really know this
guy he's gonna trade him to his friends as he should um but uh i was very happy with the amount
of xp because if you pop a lucky egg and you have the double xp bonus going on right now anyway it's
40 000 xp array that i hit 38 today thanks in large part to all the rating yesterday it was
like 400 000 xp yesterday and another 400 000 today it was it was nuts um but anywhere where
i was going with that is that what i really liked that they did today with the community event is
for the first time certain pokey stops when you spun them every like during the community day
every pokey stops gives you a quest catch five whatever the the my squirrel so today it was
squirtle but certain pokey stops today if you caught they were all the squirtle squad that's
how you got the squirtles with the wrong wrongly shaping sunglasses in the game is that you would
get those from the pokey stop however certain pokey stops would actually give you the shiny
squirtle squad but here's the part that was pretty cool unlike the way they usually do
shinies where if you tap on one and i tap on one you might get a shiny but i probably won't
because the shiny is per person the way the pokey stops worked is if you could figure out
which pokey stop gave you a quest for the shiny everybody who hit that node would get the shiny
quest but you wouldn't know it was shiny because it was still called evolve five squirrels so you
had to share information and that made today way more awesome than any other community day
yeah because we were able to find out our little group found out that there was a there was a um
a stop that's kind of on the edge of the capitol building it's not you you have to walk off the
path to get to it it was called and i remember the name because you can't forget the same it
was called senator capital kitty because it was it's a little gravestone for a cat who used to
hang out around the capitol building okay that's that's the marker but that stop was a shiny
squirrel so we would find the families and we would overhear the kids going i want the shiny
squirtle squad so i actually there was there was i distinctly remember two instances i looked at
the parents i said go over there to the corner there's a stop called senator capital kitty
spin that stop it has the quest for the shiny and they'd be like oh my god thank you so much
and like being able to like share that information so was it a different version of the squirtle with
the glasses it was just shiny so it was the light blue with the glasses that's all all the glasses
were all the glasses were it was the same fucking pikachu glasses but they put it on squirrel
i even though yeah anime they were like a triangular i just think like the the the
shinies like they kind of like half acid it's like okay we're making this one slightly darker
it's like okay well to be fair they're copying what the original game boy games did so i'm not
going to fault niantic for that they're only copying what was already given to them so they
are not setting the rules of that anyway my point with that 10 minute long story was that how badass
would that have been if there was pokey stops yesterday that would give you a quest that was
collect five articuno and you'll get a shiny that's how i wish they would have done it but
i understand they want to make shinies special so i get that they don't want to hand them out like
candy but they've got to find a balance here you know what i mean yeah yeah so i i feel like there
was too many shiny ho-ohs like everybody fucking got one i accept me because i didn't rate enough
but that's my own fault because i didn't rate enough so everybody got a fucking shiny ho-oh
but nobody fucking got that articuno except that dude who got three of them in a row
and i think that it isn't that bad but at least with this articuno uh they yesterday
it was like right really off because even like uh with the with the other legendaries that have
been shiny like lugia uh kai ogre i have gotten shinies of that of those only the only one it was
ho but yeah again it was like oh i didn't do that many rates but yesterday i i kind of expected
because i i at least i did 18 rates and i didn't get one i have a feeling this is not going to be
i think this raid day was an experiment and we're going to see it again but i know i guarantee it i
guarantee i will bet money we're going to see it again because this whole event was unlocked i
use my quotey fingers because when niantic unlocks stuff in pokemon go it's like we were going to do
it anyway we're just setting some arbitrary fucking goal we know you're going to hit
so this all tied into the germany floral garden event right so they caught so many things and so
or some i don't know but it tied into that event right so we all got our tokunos right well pokemon
go fest is next weekend so what do you want to bet if we do all the awards that tie into pokemon go
fest we're going to get moltres rating day and then they have the japanese event is last and
that will be zapdos rating day okay so we're going to get two more rating days i guarantee it for
shiny moltres and shiny zapdos although did you know there's a bug where they used the shiny
colors for regular zapdos so everybody who has zapdos has a shiny zapdos so i think they're going
to end up flipping it so i think shiny zapdos is actually going to be regular anyway this i'm
getting into super nerdy tech chat how many of you all miss pokestop podcast anyway so i do i
know i know um but um i was gonna say so we'll have those events but i would bet in the future
there's going to be like i think it would be awesome if they just did like a three-hour day
where they're like every gym every fucking gym is going to light up with some legendary have fun
yeah that would be awesome and then you have to pay on it but awesome like where's the fucking
zapdos where's the lugia where's the kyogre and like people can kind of pick and choose what they
want to do i think that would be awesome here's the drawback though and i don't want to spend
forever talking about pokemon go but and since this was a shorter show tonight anyway we'll go
we'll deep dive on a few subjects um the thing is though uh with that is that i kind of didn't like
how it was three hours yesterday and three hours today so and maybe just because it's july and it's
fucking hot but i think i would like to see it maybe like spread out a little more well either
the whole day so i could pick and choose my hours a little better or at least do like raid day
week off community day week off raid day like mix it up a little more i mean the tonight this
weekend was fine because it was the first time but i hope it's not a fucking crazy ass weekend
like a lot this summer if that makes sense maybe they can do except like uh a community day a
community week and they can be like the other events they have done like the adventure
one the fire one the water one suppose they they have expanded in that you can get chinese from
those but at least uh not like to today that you can get chinese more frequently but at least
at least expand it a little more because yeah it's it at least in in here with uh where i live
again it's like really really hot it i i only lasted one hour uh outside because we we really
didn't want to expose ourselves to the heat because it can get really really bad yeah your
health is most important no don't risk that for a video game but i was going to say that
roselia thing they just did again as a spin-off of the event that happened in germany uh i was
being told that those roselia shinies were like candy i didn't get one yeah i don't yeah i caught
a ton of them and not a single one was so i actually got two well lucky you but anyway yeah
so i don't know i i i didn't see a roselia shiny so you know confirmation bias i guess but anyway
anyway we spent 15 minutes talking about pokemon go but i loved it because it's been i a lot of
people are getting back into it right now you know that it's the part the trading the friends
list the gifts i i love seeing maybe this is part of the ingress nerd in me i love seeing the stops
in other places and i go out of my way to send funny places to my friends list when i can like
the other day i was walking around at um fairy tale town because you know over yes i remember
the one yet right so so what i probably sent you the shoe or the cheese or like so like all
send me something i remember fairy tale time like what you stand by fairy tale town yeah no i was
because it's not without giving away my my entire life it's not far from blank uh and uh i tend to
walk around there because there's a lot of pokey stops it's usually a farm of some sort there's a
wingle nest or whatever but then now i'm like oh the pokey stops here are really funny too where
i can send people like grandma's shoe the cheese jack and the beanstalk and like all the crazy
shit that's around fairy tale town like i like that stuff so anyway but i also like seeing the
stuff like you know all these things like that act def sends me from mexico i have friends in
toronto and ottawa that send me stuff i like seeing this stuff in hawaii like i just it's
cool like i don't know it's it's really cool like and it's something we don't really get to see in
ingress like you might see keys get brought to you from some remote portal far away but
you usually get keys to portals that are remote and far away you don't get the keys that people
walk by in their everyday life you know what i mean yeah you can't really do anything with
those either yeah well i mean unless you're part of like a giant operation that you're gonna throw
to this lighthouse that's on the coast and that's how we're gonna field over the entire state you
know things like that it's very different very very different anyway yeah actually also like
receiving like gifts from uh from you like uh from you rob from you loki uh also from from mad
yo dia and other people from bach uh also because i oh that's like it's like an interesting place to
see and and i have and that's also why i also like send you gifts uh to any of you and try to
like mix it up because i i do have my like route and all that stuff but if i can like go to other
places and find other pokestops with gifts i i try to send those yeah for sure and i know when
i travel i'm going to be trying to spend as many bogey stops as possible and try to send people
like when i go to dragon con y'all are going to get the uh the what is that one that's right in
the middle the view from the 34th floor of the high or the view of the 34th floor of the mariot
or whatever that one's called where it's basically i don't know how this became well it was a portal
and ingress obviously somebody took a picture from the top floor of the hotel down to the
ground and that became a stop so i'm gonna say my goal is to send my entire friends list the view
from the 34th floor and i will be looking forward to it no it sucks it doesn't save those that you
get i would love if you have like a map because you get the maps to the badges and i love that
a lot of people don't know this if you didn't know this about pokemon go check this out now
okay open up your game and in the bottom left hand corner tap your trainer profile and make
sure you go to the me page so you're not on the friends page go to the me page and down where your
gym badges are hit the button that will show you all your gym badges so not just the six hit the
one that shows you more and then when you're looking at all your gym badges in the lower left
hand corner is a little picture of a map you tap the map and it actually shows you a map of the
world it's a very crude pixelated map but you can actually see like where all your gym badges are
from so i'm actually opening up my game right now if it'll um load i had it up a minute ago
so i'm actually going in right now even though my game is running so slow because i've used my phone
to death today uh and i'm going into my list and i'm looking at the map and so i can tell you
i have 663 gym badges this doesn't really it's all green i can't see any 514 from this area 43
in seattle uh 60 in chicago and eight at the atlanta airport because for some reason it's
separating there and how many do i have in downtown and surrounding area atlanta about 37
so 37 in atlanta but nine by the year but i'm more by the airport
so i love that because it's like a record of my travels it's really cool
anyway all right act f my friend i'm gonna let you go so we can try to squeeze in more calls but i
i i love talking about pokemon go so thanks for the call hey no problem and thanks for
whole this and it's like a small pokestop podcast revival it was it was a little bit i almost wonder
if i couldn't get shane to do another show because he actually plays the game now he just the little
brat would sit there and talk about oh he got two shinies on articuno day and he got like four
more today i don't know god he sold his soul to the devil for a shiny or something i don't know
all right anyway take care my friend you too all right bye uh that was a long call but that's okay
orange lounge radio all one word on skype if you want to get through i'm going to ask this already
knowing the answer but i'm gonna try anyway do you have any last minute stories no i have to ask i
have to ask all right let's take another call here real quick hi you're on orange launch radio who's
this hey uh rob this is regi neater hey what's on your mind buddy uh no uh um well i wanted to
bring up something uh a topic that you had mentioned uh uh during your call uh uh black
both at the end of the show uh one thing if i remember right you had mentioned uh the whole
twitch prime thing and uh the games they give you with that yes so twitch prime and especially
this month they're really stepping it up to try to bring attention to it for a prime day yeah
they're giving away free games but i think it's a very short window uh like a three-day window for
the games uh or something that so i if you didn't already grab pillars of eternity i think the
opportunity is closed because i think that was one of the first ones they did don't quote me on that
but i feel like they're all like varying lengths it probably just depends on the game but anyway
everyday there's a few new ones up there now you have to have twitch's client to install these
games so they're not steam codes they're not gogg codes they're twitch client codes so is twitch
trying to push maybe a storefront well i mean twitch and amazon are married so it would make
sense that's the direction they're going uh you may or may not recall twitch purchased a company
called curse that was doing clients that really worked on managing your wow add-ons and some of
your add-ons for things like minecraft and some of the other games that had a lot of add-ons
so the evolution of this client because it still does all that is the twitch client so now the
twitch client also i think you can buy games through it but the interface it's uh it leaves
a little bit to be desired because it's very clear it wasn't starting as a store i think all it does
is kicks you to the web so anyway so you do have to use twitch's client to install the games and
then ultimately play them but free is free i guess right so anyway there's there's a little
background yes twitch is doing their giveaways all right yeah now before i you know get into
the actual question itself a little background information um you know granted you already
noticed but maybe something let's just um then maybe catching this on uh the practice speed
might not know uh i'm really heavy into um pc gaming um i i i'm on steam i'm on origin you play
and dog and it's no state sacred that i am into deals however i do not have amazon prime or
twitch prime uh now uh nearly because now my stuff a bit of a at a premium for me you know
you know so it's kind of hard for me to afford stuff well yeah amazon prime is what 119 a year
or something like that or you can do it monthly i'm actually okay monthly it's 12.95 a month all
right but still i mean that is that is a luxury that's not you know something everybody if you're
living on a budget or whatever that's not exactly you know you have to make choices you might be
able to pay that 13 a month but you're gonna have to cut something else you know what i mean
yeah that's an mmo subscription or whatever so yeah not everybody can just drop that money it is
it is i guess a luxury yeah yeah honestly you know the only monthly bill you know if you want to call
such that pay is uh the ten dollars a month for xbox live um because i still have uh 360 but
that's about it yeah all that being said no you know considering that i'm on these other services
and all that uh would you recommend that uh plunk down however much twitch prime is to get the uh
get these free games that they're giving out i'm thinking i'm quiet because i'm thinking um
um i'm gonna say no and the reason why i say no is because if the gaming is the only reason you're
getting into it especially when you don't have a lot of control over the games they're giving away
i mean granted they do give away a few big ones here and there like the steam world dig two they
did recently you know pillars of eternity but there's a lot of smaller indie titles not that
those titles are bad but they're just probably not the stuff that you're really like seeking out or
what have you um but here's the thing to consider and i think what might sway your decision one way
or another remember that your prime is going to be more stuff than just the amazon prime again
i fucking hate that i'm being a commercial for amazon when they're not getting this money but
you know but i am telling this person maybe don't get by so but anyway you might want to wait would
you use the other stuff do you ever buy stuff from amazon that you might want to get shipped
for free two days do you have interest in the you know maybe if you were willing to get rid of
netflix to pay for amazon i mean i don't even know if you have two days or less too because like i
had something that i shipped that day and arrived that day yeah uh and then uh but there's also like
the amazon uh streaming and the tv stuff if you think you would use some of that too then i think
that sweetens the pot a lot but if you're doing it only for the games i don't know if i can
heartily recommend it especially if you are someone who's savvy to getting free games
somewhere else i mean are you gonna play the free games or are you just trying to build your catalog
yeah we're not really gonna buy the games the thing with me is um you know i very rarely order
anything online be it through amazon or new york or wherever maybe if i'm like i might order
something maybe once a year uh a couple months ago i ordered a new video card um but that's
probably it and i already have cable tv i'm thinking of accident but even if i do ask that
i get free videos to itunes on a regular basis they give away uh tv episodes left and right uh
so it's not exactly like i'm hurting for content so it's kind of hard to justify
trying for that um i mean sure it's probably nice but you know for that alone you know i don't see
myself being paying for that oh you were about to say something uh before i piped up i don't i
i just no i mean i think at the end of the day i mean my my real answer is this really is your
decision to make and yours alone and you know i'm not one to tell people how to spend their money
um but just you know knowing what i know from your your calls to the show and so forth and
the fact that you know you you do you've said on the show before you you have like a strict budget
that you have to adhere to and all that stuff i don't know if it's really worth it in your case
you know if you if you come into a little extra money are you able to treat yourself to something
for christmas maybe be a nice little bonus gift you know maybe that maybe that's where i'd put
it for you put it on your gift list your wish list but i don't think you'd make it a priority
yeah yeah yeah the thing is um not to get into to uh tmi but um i live on social security
disability sure and uh that you know my monthly check just barely shy of 850 a month and roughly
two-thirds of that alone goes towards my rent uh that's not not even getting to uh my spectrum bill
and the money that i need to spend on let's say household supplies and personal hygiene supplies
so and so forth and the only reason i i let you share all that is because i know you're not alone
in having that be you know what the cards that you have to deal with and being a gamer i know
you're not alone in that somebody else out there listening is in a similar boat i know it so you
know yeah yeah that's a life factor and why i'm always trying to promote deals you know uh and
yeah i mean you know you know i'm probably a little more hired up in terms of finances than
the average but no no no not everyone out there is going to be rich and making like uh five or
six figure salaries to the job so sure sure and you know at the end of the day i'm gonna i'm gonna
leave you with this you know at the end of the day if you want more free games to play and you're not
getting them on the steam and the other deals and so forth you know what itch.io is a great
playground yeah it's a lot of indie games there's a lot of stuff you may have never heard of but you
know what minecraft was an indie game at one point too so the next great thing is out there
somewhere you just got to find it and sadly great games sometimes don't get found like i don't think
yyr's super multitasking is selling through the roof i'm not seeing it on the steam leaderboards
i'm telling you guys it's a damn shame because that game is fucking awesome and you know i've
been pronating but it just sometimes figuring out what's going to go viral in the gaming scene
it can just it can be so hit and miss be so hit miss all right rage nader i'm gonna let you go
but thank you so much for the call sure have a nice night yep you too bye-bye uh let's see if we
get any more calls i'll take i'll take one more i know the call's been going a little long tonight
but since we finished news like really fucking early why not let the calls go on a little long
so i'll see if we can squeeze in one more call uh and then we'll call it a night orange lounge
radio all one word on skype uh see a tiberian chat says it's not for everyone if you'll use
it then it's great uh dungeon buster points out on itch.io itch.io has some great gems you might
have to dig through a lot of other stuff to find what interests you but it can be worth it um
you know another thing you could always do um since this whole conversation started around twitch
anyway you know watch people play some games that's something you can do for free now look i
don't want to you know devalue games by you know the the go spoil yourself on the story by watching
the game but the fact of the matter is you know what if you can get a lot of entertainment out
of watching somebody play the game too and being a part of communities and stuff on twitch you know
there's a lot of uh stuff you know i know rage nader is a fan of the final fantasy series final
fantasy 11 and so forth there's some great streamers for fantasy 14 out there as well as
even fantasy 11 i found a final fantasy 11 live stream the other day did you yeah i'm like people
are still watching this no one's doing anything we're waiting for a boat i'm like this is oh my
god why am i watching this why not all right this is the actual last call for calls call now or
forever hold your peace orange laundry all one word on skype but let me remind you guys if you
are listening on the podcast feed which you know thanks for supporting olr no matter how you do it
if you're here live you're here on the podcast uh do remember you can always email us participate
at orange laundry dot com uh you can also tweet us twitter dot com slash olr i know i'm not very
good about reading the tweets on the show but i do read them on my phone and i if it's something
that needs a reply if you ask a question or something i should reply to i do always try to
reply um loki and our saga have access to it but i think i'm the only one that actually replies
things on there usually if it's something addressed to loki i'll just tweet it at loki and put
i don't know at loki lr so all right no other calls are coming in so i think that is going
to do it for a show tonight but hey thanks for listening to orange laundry tonight as we say at
the end of every show we appreciate you being here and listening to the show if you enjoyed what you
heard tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where
every gamer has a voice but only if the voices are here to put out over the air so a nice five-star
review on a place like itunes google play podcast or wherever it is you found this podcast those go
an awful long way so please help us spread the word in those places as well uh and that brings
me to our final thoughts loki your final thought tonight uh my final thought is i'm hopefully gonna
play some of those games around that nes or the super nes classic mini instead of just constantly
trying to add more to it because that's what i've been doing is adding more to it and trying to get
um the game genie stuff to work because you can add that support but i have to run it through a
different emulator on there through retro arch so i've just been doing that but it's been fun
all right uh and then my final thought tonight is um i really you know this is gonna be a very
crazy busy week with preparing for clue because we have a photo shoot on saturday and i feel like
i'm only half ready which is terrible uh but um yeah uh i am gonna try to get some new gaming
done this week especially because i really want to get to the playstation vr because i want to
fucking play res vr like so bad so i want to do that i need to do that uh and then the classic
nes i got to get to as well although i'm going to be getting to that i know a lot sooner than
later wink so uh i'll leave it at that for now uh but that's going to do it thank you guys so much
for listening to orange andrea we'll be back in seven days it'll be a full work week so maybe
we'll get some more news this week but in the meantime happy gaming and to those of you that
are getting octopath traveler uh in the coming days happy adventuring uh you guys don't have to
uh tell me if it's uh as awesome as i think it might be i think i am gonna probably just pick
it up anyway it looks good yeah i like rpgs well enough so anyway that is gonna do it guys we'll
see you in seven days have a great week everybody good night you've been listening to orange lounge
radio orange lounge radio is a production of olr studios to join us for a live show tune into fog
network.com sunday nights at 6 pm pacific 9 pm eastern the views and opinions expressed in this
program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of orange lounge radio
or vog network but you know they were all still true
see you next week
so